                                                                                                                                              This’ll blow your hair back
--- THE NOTES! --- (Please do note that this is only a draft. It is a work in progress and sections are bound to be half written or liable to change, as I am piecing all of it together.)
On allowing all of everybody to live happily together.

Key topics: Abuse, Trauma, Corruption, Collective-mindset, Natural logic, Natural reason, Birth, Life,
Psychology, Genealogy, Humans and Other Animals, Medicine, Revolution, Philosophy, Stoicism,
Inter-species living, metaprogramming, Ecology, Government & Media, & Corporation influence in a
Society,

Those who are victims of damaged lifestyles will have caused them to stray down ways of being which
are entirely outside of the human way of living, Our nature, as it is. They have as a result of this
treatment by others towards them, actually themselves adopted these callous ways which they then use
to inflict harm upon others, treating those they meet in the only way that they know how. This is not the
human condition, by nature. Humans are unlike this at birth. I can assure you that each and every
human is born good. Wholly and thoroughly well mannered, kind, giving, and caring. These are as
according to the principles endowed into its soul from conception, which have been developed through
the evolutionary process. These essential life qualities are actually provided to us, by and through
nature. I most like to refer to it as a concord to natural logic and reason. An adherence to the natural
order of the universe. However, by this point, for a person, if it is that they’ve been wrongly treated, for
the majority of their lives or time sufficient enough, well they act in such wicked ways without even
applying consideration to it. It has become them, their nature, or their way of being… A person’s
character is the result of everything that they’ve done in their lives up to that point that you’re
observing or interacting with them. I mean to say that life and one’s character are illustrative of their
past. A person severely enough traumatised at a previous time in their lives will show signs of it at
times later in their lives.
Life is an accumulative venture. You gain things, from all that you do. A person’s character is easily
described as being a result of some combination of their wisdom, which is knowledge with the added
practical experience they may have had surrounding whatever knowledge that it may be; as-well as all
that they’ve endured or enjoyed, and whatever else throughout their time. The subject idea here is
analogous to that of a fighter dog (provided below two pages in greater detail.) It should be clear to see
that it’s one’s particular lifestyle which determines in which particular way that their actions (their
treatment of themselves and others) will be determined at a later time in their lives. So it is easy to see
that it is actually life which does the corrupting of one’s soul. Everybody, everything, is born according
to the natural reason and natural logic embedded within itself, within its soul – a product of the
evolution of that organism.
Actually some thing which is related to this just came to my mind as I was writing this, and it is that;
while I was homeless in Surfer’s Paradise, actually, a couple of women who were about one or two
decades older than myself at the time, had stolen my sleeping-bag. Now I did not have much at this
time, and so it led me to reason that if they were in such dire need of a sleeping bag and that they would
take mine, considering the incredibly little which I had in my life at that point in time, also being
homeless then ... it should be that I can feel nothing but sorrow and pity for them. So it was that I
took it as a statement, that despite the little which I had, that they still were in greater need, resorting to
stealing from me. And it was that I actually felt sorry for them. And understood or realised it in such a
sense within myself. It seemed to be according to my natural logic and order present within my mind
from my conception. It just seemed like the way to react to this situation which had left me in my
detriment. This form of behaviour comes naturally to all humans, and other beings of the conscious
journey.
Now, I am unsure exactly how this happens, although, it was perhaps through the trial-and-error
techniques utilised through evolution.(*1) But this enables and allows for humans to be able to act with
completely reasonable tendencies, with complete adherence to a sense of natural logic and also natural
order.



We do inherit these traits and qualities and develop ... or suppress(*2) them in ourselves from the
moment that we take our first gasp of the open atmosphere and allow the cool air swirl and spirals
down and throughout our lungs. :-)
Humans are, by nature, and every other animal, perhaps, kind, loving, caring, and giving. Provided that
it is not food which it is that they are after... Showing kindness and enthusiastic hospitality towards
those which whom they are sharing their planet with, and also living enthusiastically towards whatever
it happens to be that gives them purpose in their lives, or meaning perhaps. Because it should be that
the purpose is to enjoy life.

                                42- Do what you love, love what you do.

A discipline of research, perhaps? This could be anything, care-taking, cooking foods, manufacturing
medications, etc. Anything. It is a marvellous feature of the DNA that it in-fact allows for a ginormous
variety in the produced life, which uses it as its basis for how the being should be constructed. In-fact
this extremely humongous genetic biodiversity permits for that it is my personal belief that following
death, there is no anything which is to be further experienced or expected, in any way. Actually, it is
that each and every living thing which is born, will at a time in its time, die. And this is the particular
entities entire span of existence. It was nothing before conception, then it lived for a short period, and
then is shuffled itself out the consciousness plateau and back into nothingness.

-The truth is like the needle in the hay
       Also this was left hanging here, as I was writing it I mean, and it seemed out of place but I shall
       leave it here and simply complete it. It spoke on the importance (most generally, if not always)
       of acting on immediate thought. It is that circulating a thought about the mind for a period of
       time lays it at face undue change or otherwise some obfuscating form of manipulation from
       one’s own subjective - or objective, even - cognitive bias, to cause it to be vulnerable to overly
       analytical thought that comes into play upon dwelling on whatever idea or forming whatever
       opinion or making any decision. Always follow your heart, as the old phrase says. This sense of
       false knowledge, well I wouldn’t call it knowledge but more false perception or interpretation of
       concepts. A fabrication of a truth of reality which has been damaged and lacks purity. This may
       also be called, ‘metaprogramming’. It is a governor of a person’s perception. It guides it to
       form the same conception of whatever matter as is held by the status-quo. It would be
       something like the application of social views (derived from inheritance, culture, tradition, etc.)
       and government or corporation (the synonymity here is well known and documented throughout
       the world) controlled media and their propagation of their ill-formulated ideas, that have been
       developed to develop your own untrue (not everybody, obviously) taking of reality.(*4) It
       would be these external sources of views and opinions and whatever else applied to your
       grown and experienced and learned, wisdom and experience and knowledge. Actually it is
       that there’s much ‘static’, or over-thinking, over-analysis in the ‘higher’ thought planes,
       compared with the subconscious, which is our intuition, or our inner-self speaking. It happens
       without our requirement to do anything. And this is a wonderful thing. The gut-instinct. It’s
       never wrong. Well... Never say never, but the point should be clear. It is generally the most pure
       and thus correct, unbiased directive or indication you will feel or receive. But yes, dwelling
       upon whatever is on your mind will leave it at face to change by metaprogramming (depending
       on the nature and content of the thought, of course) and its harmful influence. To influence on
       one’s ability to realise any one thing with complete objectivity, less, or none.(*5) This depends
       widely on the individual, actually. Each is subject to different sources of information, some (I
       would hope most, although, this does not seem to be the case from my personal experience.)
       know that there is misinformation out there in the world, but that the truth is also present albeit
       sparsely and randomly scattered throughout and ocean of the shit. So one’s personal awareness,
       then, as a trait of a personality to be more highly critical in their approved sincerity by any
       given author. Yes the truth is that, the truth is out there! You just have to look for it. And
       this is not always such an easy thing to do, in-fact it would not be a surprise to me if any of the
       actually valuable and useful and earth-rattling scientific developments, or the documents
       describing these, have not ever seen a electronic computer, connected to an internet. They are
       probably reposed deep down inside government systems.


But yes, it is true that your first-most thought is often the most true one which you will have come to
you. The rest? They are actually heavily influenced by this cognitive biased. This metaprogramming.
All of these things which you gave gathered through your life, most of which (depending on your
sources of information) are highly filtered and derived from highly preferentially-sorted data - which
simply serve to actually cause or develop a psychological view, or like an established identity for
whatever particular thing being examined on whatever aspect. So, for example. You may have
witnessed it in your every day life, that perhaps these drugs which are still, currently, prohibited, well,
or that they are not anywhere near as bad as they are being made out to sound? This true. There are
many speculative reasons for this...(*6) That the governments control the prohibited flow of these
substances across the globe. Or my primary suspect, is that it is true that governments do not want a
free and capable society. A free and capable society which is more than capable of rebelling against
their established governments.(*7)


I just wanted to say that as an underlying way of being, This is one thing which I have always held
closely to my heart; To always uphold the greatest respect one another, and to not cause harm or
detriment to any other being.


But returning briefly to what was mentioned earlier, it is not natural to be born with hate, and
intolerance or otherwise unfounded feelings towards anything. A new-born human, for example does
not hold any prejudices. Actually hate is developed later on in life ... Remember where I was actually
speaking about how it is true that everybody is born a good person and how it was that life corrupts
them? Well, to elaborate on this; take such a scenario as this: Actually of the ways in which a person’s
life will cause them to feel easily irritated or paranoid, or aggressive and also violent, or just plain
abusive and intolerant towards others; imagine a situation where a child is being brought up, she is at
the time eight years old, and she lays in a very unclean environment. Actually it is that her parents are
always abusing her and thus she lives in a constant state of fear, being at constant threat of violence,
threats. She also experiences a significant amount of vocal abuse or attack toward herself. It is clear
that she is subjected to much misery and stress.
Now this has developed her to cause the psychological conditioning or reaction to any sound or
whatever movements, no matter how quiet, or which she may see from the corner or her eyes, well she
jumps. She is easily startled. These are psychological conditions in the domain of psychology, as-well
as these, she has obvious signs of anxiety, in general, and also depression, or poor mood, perhaps. How
could she not living in a cold, dirty, and dull, or dimly lit place such as this? It is abusive and she does
not receive any love here. There is this quote, actually, which is quiet relevant. In my honest opinion.
For a greater discussion surrounding this please read on through to the chapter ‘Breach the Peace’. :-)

                           “Only the unloved hate; the unloved and the unnatural.”
                                              -Charlie Chaplin
:-)

It’s a sad but unfair case which I’ve heard of or known of to happen. There is in fact one medical
treatment which does spring to mind, surrounding this discussion. It is Ibogaine.(*8)

This is a succinct explanation of the way in which it works.

      “The second phase, the introspection phase, is responsible for the psychotherapeutic effects. It can
       allow people to conquer their fears and negative emotions. Ibogaine catalyses an altered state of
        consciousness reminiscent of dreaming while fully conscious and aware so that memories, life
                            experiences, and issues of trauma can be processed.”
                                                  -Unknown

You see, all of these psychological states which she has developed in her life from due to her living
circumstances and her other situations with those involving her parents treatment of her... Yes, often
such long-lasting psychological issues will actually begin their development at an early age (in one’s
childhood, or adolescence) as these ages are very critical for learning and a process known and
identified that the brain is going through during such early years, which they have called the “critical
learning”(*9) phase of the brain. And this occurs somewhere in a humans teenage years. So it is
certainly very much, in fact in some cases, the only way, to leave a lasting psychological impact on
another person (provided that they are a certain kind of psychological issue. As while psychology is not
complex to treat, by a well passionate and knowledgeable psychologist, it is just that; actually the wide
variety of different forms of psychological trouble, well ... while there is MUCH subjective differences
in them, as you would and should imagine. This being due to vast diversity allowed by our and other’s,
DNA. Which essentially is which provides the programming for the various sub-devices which bring
about a persons functioning. Whether a person is going to suffer ADD, I will be using the ‘historic’
abbreviation here due to my belief that it was more correct. This is due to the more generality of the
abbreviation. The new one being used is ADHD. Which implies hyperactivity as a prominent feature in
the illness. Actually, it is my belief that the ADHD abbreviation was taken in favour due to the
discoveries showing the beneficial properties of dopaminergic stimulant medications. They usually all
increase the receptor densities in their respective dopamine pathways. Usually in the receptor systems
D1, D2, D3, it will cause an increase in the expression of these complexes (receptors.) Here we will be
using the term psychiatry to describe the combined domains of assessment of psychological realm
happenings and then also inclusive is pharmacology, or perhaps neuropharmacology. So psychiatry
here is used the refer to the discipline neuropsychopharmacology. For a better treatise (this was barely
anything...) on medical leagues of knowledge, please continue reading to the chapter titled ‘Medicated
Goo’.)
Apart from the example above with the young girl who is victim to abuse and the fear of that and
constantly being screamed at. Feeling nothing but hatred towards them by those who that surround
them. Because it is true that every living human being is born good, and in-fact all of every other
animal, also. Every being on every planet throughout the cosmos is in-fact born with this reason. This
knowing, of how to go about a particular happening in their lives. It is the same story with a “fighter”
dog. Notice the extremely defensive behaviour it assumes, at all times. And it knows not how to love,
anymore. Due to the trauma which it had been subjected to. This style of living is not normal, not
natural to any living being.
And I have registered the domain address for a web-site called <place URL here> to aid me with
shedding the light on a topic built-up on ignorance and misconceived notions leading to so
unreasonable behaviour by man that it could be taken as not actually being real, but perhaps from some
‘dark’ comedy feature, or something. You know, poking some useless fun at somebody over one other
thing entirely meaningless in any true way which should not impact on your liking towards somebody.

Something like racism, is in complete oversight and a betrayal or going against everything which
makes us the reasonable man that we are. And thus a travesty to our human ways in which we know
how and have been living for the epochs which has passed.
Of course any such superficial hatred towards anybody, or otherwise hatred which is entirely without
any rational cause. In-fact I should say here that no hatred can be rational. What do you think about
this? Imagine a situation which took place regarding the sleeping-bag which I mentioned above, now
the this reasoning attitude is rooted in stoic doctrine of philosophy. They say to actually identify any
wrongdoing by another toward another being, as to be seen in a divergence which they have actually
undergone from their sound natural principles and reason. In-fact the stoics say, that evil does not exist
in the universe, and that they should meet any situation with complete indifference in their attitude or
judgements towards whatever they just met with or will happen to. They say that nothing external is
capable of being good, or evil.

The stoics believed in being clear and unbiased and self-disciplined thinker was in thinking of the ways
that if they’ve found themselves to diverge off their reasonable ways towards another, then that this
must be due to their acting outside of their natural reason as a being of a planet. Due to the way that life
is. And that divergence from one’s own natural reason leads to their harmful ways, such as thieving
from others, fighting with others, either physically or vocally, ... Or other, more serious forms of harm,
whatever it may be. It is also true that, actually, there is a collective mindset between a group of friends
or so. I mean to say that people that live in really ‘ghetto’ residences and are surrounded by violence
and other forms of danger and etc. Well they are very much so making their own personal situations
worse by the thinking that occurs within their minds. I mean that ... Regarding one thing I have noticed
throughout people, is that ... Those who are under the belief (from government influenced media, and
whatever) that methamphetamine for one, is a dangerous and harmful substance to use, well - I can say
that I have been IVing methamphetamine for almost one decade now, with a little time off for when i
was in prison, and aside of that, there were periods where i rarely or did not use it at all. Although, I can
say that the effect that I’ve noticed in myself from usage of this drug, well ... they’ve all been ...
INCREDIBLY POSITIVE. They’ve improved all aspect of my mental faculties. and it is as I would
personally imagine it work by causing such changes. I mean an easy to find analogy of this is to search
up in the ways that exercise actually promotes neurogenesis, and the opposite to this, how depression
(or other inhibitory or not exciting activities) actually produce an effect in an entirely opposite nature,
that is that depression is proven to invoke apoptosis, which is nerve death. Anti-psychotic medications
like antidopaminergic agents such as, zuclopenthixol, or olanzapine, whatever other one, there are
MANY - well these drugs all cause neuronal loss and density (in receptor amounts) loss in the brain.
Actually there is a paper on this in the medicine section in the lobby on my website.(*10)


So taken what we can infer from this discussion it seems obvious that activities which are stimulating
for the neurology of the brain, are in-fact positive for increasing brain volumes (grey-matter). Whereas
ones which reduce or depress neuronal excitation actually causes cell or nerve death. So -
Why is it then that the amphetamines are being purported as being neurotoxic agents, when they (even
methamphetamine) actually are almost - very much so, indeed - devoid of toxic effects?
Good question. 0_o
Of course that each chemical species is an unique agent. And of course there are in existence
amphetamines which do display toxicity. I mean - I’ve not looked into it and not any do come to mind
that I can know with certainty. (For more on Good Medicine, please visit see visit the site below. (*11)




Anyway …


I always thought that in order to allow for a world (or a Universe, for that matter) to live in complete
peace, we must increase (everybody’s understanding) to allow for everyone to understand the
differences between various ways of lives. And this applies just the same to even within people of the
same ethnicity, thus a similar cultural background, and other features.

Here I mean that we’re each under the belief that we’re all the same, but ... We’re all DIFFERENT! We
humans, or whatever, given our structural building blocks which are the chemical elements forming the
DNA structures and the programming present within a single unit of this language, well this defines us!
And it permits for extraordinarily astounding variety! In my personal opinion, it is clear that everybody
holds a entirely different subjective experience which is determined by however it is that they view the
world.

                      “We do not see things as they are, we see things as we are.”
                                              -Unknown

It is my opinion that essentially everybody is nuts, but not. Haha. I mean that who is to know that the
‘blue’ which I am seeing is the same ‘blue’ that you are seeing? What I mean to say is that we’re all
functionally insane. In saying this, I simply wish to point out that we’re each so different, and perceive
things differently, and are viewing the world through an psychological placement which has been the
product and result of the things which we have achieved in our lives, our experiences, and any
hardships which may have caused the development of ASD or MDD symptoms which are noticeable, I
mean that I myself, I notice everything. So it is true the degree of variation even within two members
of the same species, can be large. And as mentioned, especially in psychological conduct,
understanding of these features which, also must be expanded into person’s understanding for
commonality in that, everybody has got their ups and theirs downs. And to be tolerant of the variability
in conduct between people in-spite of their potential issues which they may be facing at the time. I
mean in myself, having studied psychiatric medicine for five years, which is an ongoing process. Of
course, as with any field of interest which you partake in the study of.
                       “People think of education as something they can finish.”
                                            -Isaac Asimov

But yes, we need people to be more informed and tolerant for the difference in the ways in which we
conduct ourselves through life.


When it comes down to tackling the issues plaguing idiots. Such as racism, disliking of people with
fingernails 1mm longer than your own, or whatever other shallow insult one can possibly invent at
some ill-formed attempt at the occupying of one’s time when they’ve nothing better to do with it. In my
personal opinion this, in the modern world, boils down to this. And yes, ignorance... Just plain idiots,
there’s no other way I know of putting this, it is such an absurdly cause for the dislike towards a
particular someone, that yes. So, Yes, I said it. Ideas such as these are so unfounded that the mere
principle of its formation is almost laughable ... the only issue is that, these perpetrators are actually
being serious! The ways of different cultures and beings are naturally accepted by all life throughout
the universe. As mentioned above, we are born without any hate within ourselves. :-)
Now another matter which is far less illogically misconceived is that of a persons particular personality
traits which has its roots within their psychological constitution. Actually this one is a fascinating one
but it is merely boiling down to behaviours which ... some ... may identify as being peculiar, or weird
or strange. Really it is just that each person is vulnerable to various forms of stresses and subject to
whatever moods. And this influences the ways in which they conduct themselves. These which I am
quite capable of easy understanding, having experienced in myself A-LOT psychologically in myself,
actually. I am able to ‘extrapolate’ what I have seen within myself and identify it happening in others.
Therefore while others may see peculiar behavioural habits, I see an opportunity to intervene and offer
my help, if it seems suitable.


What in the great universe compels us to form such a degenerative perception of somebody that we
should view them with any inferiority with regarding to SOMETHING AS IDIOTIC AS THE TONE
OF THE COLOUR OF THEIR SKIN!? Of course this definition must be broadened to include,
JUST HAVE ALLOWANCE FOR OTHERS! We’re each different, this KEEPS LIFE
INTERESTING!!! As it was said earlier each and every soul is born a good one. And holds within
much capacity for love, and compassion, and a inherent willingness to help. And more things such as
this.

Enough on such a topic as this for this Book. I have got the domain, <place URL here>, and this caters
towards such insensible negligence.

In-fact truth to be told, I’ve been quite a well mannered, kind, courteous, giving, and respectfully
caring person for all of my life. It was not that I was always willing to be there to assist with whatever
was needing doing at a particular time, and in-fact some people have called me ‘selfish’, which I am
not going to lie, I can be. But it is often taken in misunderstanding, to a degree... I mean that I am, as
I’ve been told to be, the absent minded type of person, usually with my head in the clouds, along with
my feet right up there in the clouds, also. But often it is simply because I am thinking about something
which who knows? I find interesting at the time in particular…
But before moving on from this lunacy, allow me to make the footnote for the reasons for the existence
of such shallow rooted hatred among people.
One thing to be understood is that these are tools. Tools which the government is employing to cause a
separation within society. This was touched on earlier as-well. With the private-interest groups in-fact
supplying funding for the establishments of various social conditions to the ways in which any
particular practice, item, or whatever, really; should and would eventually (by the majority, surely)
viewed. It is a shame. There is nothing really, real, anymore. Everything at the status of the current
world which it is now being, 16.02.21 at 1238PM, is a fabricated ideal, but ideal for who? And for what
specific purpose?
It is that government is employing various tried and proven to be effective algorithms for the purposes
of the separation of society into minority groups, such that large governing bodies ... or the handful of
participants whom hold seat within the oligarchy which at present, in my personal opinion, here on
earth, is its controlling arm. The destructive patterns of life which are not in congruence with our
natural provision in characteristic which dictate our conduct and passing through life, from the
emotional holding held towards another, or the willingness to provide assistance in whatever way, to
the judgement of hatred to ... anything. Actually, I am thirty-three years and and it turns out that I’ve
never to this day found anything that I would say that I actually hate. It is an incredibly powerful word,
I’d rather not get into the details of.

Regardless, this disposition treating others in any such harmful manner or whatever way which causes
to somebody else detriment or disadvantage, to while many perceive it as frightening, as it sure can be,
or just “low-life” or otherwise . being sad to see, is very treatable and also the entire manifestation of it,
whichever its particular presentation is in with regards to its absurdly and unusual separation from that
which causes and allows for us humans to behave and act as such, with the order and reason which we
actually inherit from within our biological construction. Nature is real, and the sciences exist to
describe and elaborate on the very construction and functioning of all that exists.

But just touching back on what was mentioned on page two in this document, the government do not
want to develop a society capable of rebelling against them. Which would without question not be a
thing to even doubt happening. The issue is that most of human civilisation has fallen victim to
pharmaceutical zombie-like-inducing in their effects, drugs of various classes. There are many here.
You see that the entire serotonin system is in-fact misunderstood, well - it isn’t although it surely is
being presented to us in an incorrect presentation. I mean that it is commonly identified as being one of
the “feel good neurotransmitter” I mean, sometimes they even refer to it as a “hormone”. Which is even
more incorrect. It was actually also one of beliefs early on, that important in a completely free, semi-
autonomous, and completely different way of living together, that education should be VERY important
and be viewed as such. THUS IN SUCH AN SITUATION, PEOPLE CAN FREELY, AND
SAFELY, DEVELOP THEIR OWN IDEAS AND MAKE THEIR DECISIONS. It is the there do
exist private interest groups and things also which pour money into the institutions which are providing
the education for many target fields of work, to allow them to have an influence or even control, in the
content of the information being provided to the students. And the which are seen as being commonly
held by those people of a lower socioeconomic standpoint. Although this is a misconception because
although the shared harmful and underlying negativity which forms the lifestyle habits of peoples
whom live together due to the sharing of lifestyle trends, in one’s personal characteristics, and others
such as on the unfounded and exaggerated harm resulting from a particular engagement, such as that of
using the substance methamphetamine. Which in my opinion, and knowing from my use, of it, which
has been steady for almost ten years, as much as I have been able to use, well - the truth is that I’ve
only noticed benefits coming from my use. And quite the contrary to whatever depictions and “truths”
and ideas, that is widely promulgated through the commonly viewed channels, such as media, which is
controlled by the media organisation, many of which are conglomerates of multiple previously
disparate entities but which are all owned by the same corporation. of destructive common negative
thought, such peer-community ideation and the shared beliefs that this I wish to elaborate on the rehab
facility which i have mentioned in the above and how in specific terms it would work and restore one’s
conducts in their actions which would be their essential and fundamentally (inner) derived reason,
sanity, and love, compassion and peace through the understanding of the diversity present in the ways
of different life even among the same species. That it will actually be formed to rehabilitate one's soul
to live one's life by and according to natural reason and natural order. The grounded reasonable
principles, grasping philosophies, and rooted sane Ways for a new way to be. :-) I must elaborate on the
style rehab which i speak of

Now ... FINALLY!!! To speak on the device which was mentioned as the title, at the very beginning of
this document. :-)

But without any further-ado, I will now go on to reveal the ideas which form the foundation of the
rehabilitation ‘centre’. Well it is completely unlike any other such rehabilitation methods in use, and for
great reason! I mean ... I’ve known people who have claimed to be undergoing “drug” or other habit
addiction which was causing them issues in their life’s. Well... To my eye, it would seem that if you are
capable fo detecting that your usage of any particular substance of engagement in some activity is
causing you instabilities or issues otherwise - well this should really be ample reason to control the
desire to allow yourself to bring it back to a sustainable level of use which would work for you. But
many seek to be helped at rehab centres across the planet. Now the relapse rates of such places are not
so important. What is important to know and understand in your mind, is that NOBODY IS
CAPABLE OF CHANGING ANYBODY, EXCEPT FOR THEMSELVES. It is true that people are
immune to such consultations and in-fact, willingness to change regarding such lifestyle choices, must
come from within themselves.

The rehabilitation centre which I thought would be quite suitable actually would serve to, bring about
or bring back out one’s innermost qualities of natural-born, uncontentious out from somebody who has
left it dormant and in a suppressed state for a prolonged period of time. Or quite possibly even without
having activated and felt their inner voice, ever in their entire past. People like this, do exist. It is a
complete train-wreck of a civilisation as it currently is standing.) reason, sanity, and love, compassion
and peace through the understanding of the diversity present in the ways of different life even among
the same species. that it will actually be formed to rehabilitate one's soul to live one's life by and
according to natural reason and natural order. the grounded reasonable principles, philosophies, and
sane Ways for a new way to be. :-) i must elaborate on the style rehab which i speak of, it is in no way
the usually type rehabilitation facility which may be imagined into one's mind, no. it would include a
BEAUTIFUL NATURAL SANCTUARY with, all of our comfortable human technologies, oh yes.

It is in no way the typical-form of rehabilitation facility which may be imagined into one's mind, no…

It actually would more be described as a well very comfortably sized, and with ample surrounding
native-natural wilderness. It would include a BEAUTIFUL NATURAL SANCTUARY with, all of our
comfortable human technologies, and whatever consumable items people could possibly require such
as that they have got access to everything which it may be that they require. Although; The point here is
to not go overboard in the provision in supplied appliances and things. In-fact. There will be multiple
people in a single refuge. So that there may be socialising!!! Which is of an essential importance in
such a rehabilitation “centre”. And within each there will be a kitchen and W/C. They will have access
to a device connected to the internet for the purposes of being able to listen to music. Music and
psychedelic drugs, after-all go hand-in-hand! :-) Particularly drugs which are capable of inducing
highly introspective stages of experience. To allow the person taking the particular medication to then
be more inclined to look inwards to themselves and find out what it was meant to being a rational and
living functioning soul-established individual living in peace and harmony throughout.
Now the aim in the achievement trying to be re-established in using such a facility is that to
actually allow one adequate time to become re-aquatinted with inborn natural philosophies and
keening towards an adherence to natural logic and ultimate universal order which is present
within the soul, and where it remains, if permitted to be set free, once again. Even following an
extended period of corruptness or suppression, and yes.
It is an entirely natural practice for life to ingest psychoactive substances for the purposes of
psychological alteration and hence consciousness or psychological exploration. In-fact, if you take a
brief looking into the matter, you will see that there exists not a single animal on earth which does not
ingest psychoactive substances for such purposes of psychological manipulation.

We – have without doubt – co-evolved with drugs, one which springs to my mind immediately is the
outlawing of the cannabis genus, which contains if memory serves correctly, three species within it. In-
fact feral hemp would grow abundantly throughout the lands and still does in many nations; there is a
reason that it is simply known by the term “weed” in colloquial settings. In-fact, our “livestock” would
consume this feral hemp, and then pass onto us, through their milk and meat, the respective alkaloids, a
primary one and most prominent one being cannabidiol, or CBD. This cannabinoid stands out amongst
the cannabinoids as curing such a large and varied list of diseases, and ailments, and infections, due to
the fact of us co-evolving alongside it for probably soon after our speciation as a species. The first
evolution of ‘man’.

Through a brief inquiry into law, I appear to have found a legitimate and real – what I would refer to as
an oversight – in that it happens to be that on being born, you’re birth certificate associates you to an
incorporation which causes the binding of you as a citizen to the legislation imposed by the standing
government in that location. Although, it happens to be the case that the actual act of birth does NOT
validate this association, which means that we each are free citizens of the universe. Only obligated to
respect our inherent laws and values provided to us through evolution, as with all other organisms with
whom we share our home with, or even the entirety of the universe. Yes. Each species has within it a
sense of natural reason, and moral obligation which has been developed by it through evolution. This is
as the stoics say, the following or adherence to the natural law and logic, and to live in fellowship or
accordance with the order of the universe.
(Everything below this section is very early in writing.)
A sane, sensible, and workable government association for a society which makes sense.

When I first considered what form or type of government or civic management association would be or
seem to fit the profile of being most suitable for the – not only humans, but all of life throughout. It has
been my most earliest conception of About the most conducive to a favourable and sustainable yet also
successful prospect while in search of a government body being that the one which is composed of a
widest gamut of ‘walks of life’ being seen as being the most favourable. That is, being formed of
people of the most various and different backgrounds, situations, specialist areas, or whatever,
anything. I mean- people of all different backgrounds and hence also all characteristics, leading to the
formation of a government body composed of all types of member of a specific species minorities… As
such… And comprising all socioeconomic classes. And everything, just a-like. I mean- it (the
government body) should be composed of doctors, scientists, homeless people, musicians, farmers,
sports players, and whatever else. It is my personal opinion that to form civil policy for a particular
jurisdiction, the most favourable outcome will be resolved by a group of persons whom are acting from
all different places that a society is made up out of. I mean that, this such group would likely - it seems
only logical and sensible…


We are natural beings, therefore any of our activities should also be viewed as a course of natural
progression.

Whether a substance is natural or not is no appropriate measure of its safety for use in humans, and also
it is at the same time… To a degree. I mean all that we know is nature, and the various analogues and
derivatives of agents which we create are by using nature as a ‘guide’. Cyanide is natural although
almost – if not – the most potent toxin known to us. Selegiline, for example, provides myriad health
benefits and it is entirely of synthetic, or man made, in its origin.

The importance of spending time alone.

Well ... To achieve happiness in life you must be comfortable with yourself and soul. Spending time
alone permits you to gain insight into your inner most self. This leads to happiness. You cannot just
distract yourself all of your life and expect to know yourself and be a distinguished individual.

Everybody is beautiful, and very capable in their own way at a particular field of inquisition or
dexterous capability, or whatever other possible undertaking which it is that they may be involving
their time spent doing. Each and every soul and being is amazing, in their own way.

It's as Einstein's quote states...

Everybody is a Genius. But If You Judge a Fish by Its Ability to Climb a Tree, It Will Live Its Whole
Life Believing that It is Stupid!
On the ingestion of psychoactive (psychologically active) agents being evident all throughout the
animal kingdom…

but it is that actually it is entirely natural to consume psychoactive substances... it is that there exists
not a single animal species on earth which does not partake in the ingestion of psychoactive substances
for the purposes of psychological exploration, you know... it is actually like drugs (mainly, these illicit
ones, these powerful agents, as such) well they are very capable of showing you new psychological
spaces or states or conditions as such, y'know? it is that without being shown the space by the particular
drug, it is unattainable by any means not involving these drugs. i mean through meditation, and
whatever other means of attaining different states of consciousness... like it would be (without knowing
what you're aiming for or knowing what is possible, etc) like shooting blindly at something because it
simply does not exist to you, you know? like the aiming for a particular state through meditation which
you are not even aware of the existence of like through whatever psychoactive drug...

On meth…

and it is that there is SO much conflicting information throughout the medical literature i mean to say
what is present in the many various medical papers, the journal articles present in them, and actually i
recently, just out of interest investigated the acute toxicity of methamphetamine, it actually turns out to
be a fact that measured by ld50/kg for my body weight caffeine was about six grams more toxic than
methamphetamine, now this is why one may be capable of ingesting such humongous doses of meth
and not display an toxicity in their physiology... now... this isn't to say that one can inject a large dose
and survive, i mean shit- when i administer a half gram (500mg) which is the most which you are able
to fit into a one millilitre syringe, it fucking feels like i am brushing closely with death. but it is that
you just do not fucking care because it feel sooo fucking good, aha... it is, if you're not in great or even
good physical health on a cardiovascular level, very possible to suffer a stroke or heart attack or
something of the likes to this…
now i can only be assured of the certainty in the effects which i have noticed within myself …
and before meth?
i was a complete wreck…
i has completely turned my life around.
actually i graduated psychiatry and now ... as i said ... i am involved in quantum research. actually i live
at the university... and the aspect which i am investigating is the relationship between time, gravity and
velocity. actually Issac newton has produced or discovered an equation which shows that there is a
inverse relationship between a particles velocity or kinetic energy, as such... and its perceived influence
of the property of time... and i am researching this, actually…
actually amphetamine is well known to cause an increase in the density of the DA (dopamine) receptor,
mainly…
and so does meth…
if you look at it, it is well established that inhibitory events or situations or circumstances, as such, well
they will lead to apoptosis which is cell or nerve death in our neurology... now it is also well
established that exercise is neurotrophic which means that it promotes neurogenesis. which means
promotes cell or nerve growth in the brain... so ... think about this logically like a rational human being
and disregard what you think you already know. just bear in mind the extent to which misinformation
plagues our society throughout all channels publicly available. okay. this comes down to private
interest groups actually providing financial incentive to groups to say a particular thing to form social
consensus or establish social agendas, now this is actually also present in law... actually ... it is that
lawyer's education or the education provided to lawyers is in-fact untrue to nature and fabricated to
allow the establishment of conceptions or conventions, as such, throughout a society. this is one of
them. that meth is bad. rofl. google search, for example, simply 'meth' look at it! ahah... the 'faces of
meth' and etc. no. the government does NOT want a society capable of rebelling against them. they are
doing whatever the fuck they can to actually impair us, by various means, one of them is the provision
of various pharmaceuticals... now one large contributor to this is the SSRI AD (antidepressant). actually
the truth behind this is that serotonin (5-ht/5-hydroxytryptan) actually plays little or has little influence
in determining or establishing our mood, or psychological disposition or state, as such... in-fact 5-ht is
primarily involved in sensory perception. you will find many, many people complaining about the lack
of efficacy of their SSRIs in treating their depression. actually it is more or less just inhibitory in that it
will eliminate your sex drive, or entirely reduce your libido to make you almost asexual... now anybody
who has taken an SSRI will know that it is impairing, and inhibitory in its effects. they, especially a
potent and selective one, the only selective one which exists which is citalopram, will produce feelings
of lethargy and yes.

---

I was asked the question, the other day, “What are your ethics?” To which I responded, “Human's
innate sense of reason, understanding and toleration of different ways of living and behaviours.” I told
them that I adhered to Stoic lively philosophies; Which is essentially just living as according to natural
reason, law, or, logic, and general life philosophies. Or living in within the fundamental order of the
universe, seeing things as they are, not as we are. As such… Allowing us to form definition and
judgement or identification of whatever matter without the passing through a filter of (misleading)
cognitive bias. Rendering our processing (of whatever) untrue from a realistic perspective. To help
explain this, consider the use of the ‘needle’ in the administration of IV drugs. It is that in its (1)
portrayal through the various channels of media, and (2) its (perceived) existence in society by those
whom use it… Being that it is always showed in the media from under a dark guise, being used in dirty
environments and by scruffy, poor, or ‘delinquent’ typed individuals, and also its seemingly exclusive
use by ‘troubled’ or lower socioeconomic groups of people, and being showed as a contributing factor
towards all of the crime which occurs at this level of socioeconomic group. It is that I have been an IV
user (of methamphetamine) for nine years, now, although even at approaching this technique of
administration (IV) I took at it from beneath the view that it was simply an This ability to view things
raw, and unfiltered, and with a pure perception – untainted by untrue or unrealistic principles which we
may have developed through the witnessing of materials from various channels widespread
promulgation of misinformation ] To help to define what I mean by when I say human’s innate sense
of reason, it is that just living by natural principles to human's innate or natural sense of a well
mannered disposition, and being kind hearted and compassionate. broadened sense of toleration for
different psychological states giving rise to certain behavioural characteristics…
It was always my idea that a governmental system or body most conducive to the formation of a civic
legislation or legal stature most favourable to all those within the jurisdiction of the particular legal
distribution would be performed by a group of persons of an incredibly diverse range of backgrounds
and ‘walks of life’.
On the Nature of Time and Reality.

It appears that our physical manifestation or the aspects which this provides enables our capability to
perceive time as a fundamentally existent phenomenon; Although in the nature of another perspective,
from an altered sense or perception of reality, it would seem that time is a nonexistent concept.
Just something…

I figured out a way to email a Book to everybody on the earth. :-) well-
<mrig> Nothing wrong with the latter, but never stop questioning :)
A friend of mine did.
Yes, question everything.
When i last took LSD (1.2mg) i could hear shapes and also the perplexes of society resonated
throughout the environment. Also it allowed me to notice that there lays dormant beauty within all
aspects or elements of nature. It exists as a seamless integrity to all of our physical surrounding.
<horseface> whoops
<mrig> learn to discriminate wisely first though, if not done first you can come to some pretty whacky
conclusions :D
<tomathy> mrig: more important to not associate with your mind than for "open and balanced mind"
<merijn> Man...#programming is sounding like the people who send my colleagues books titled "Why
Einstein was wrong!!" arguing the spacetime doesn't exist today... >.
* murii_ (~murii@2a02:a58:835a:1100:a44b:b0db:e9a5:4d1f) has joined
<horseface> this may not be the most appropriate location for my philosophical discoveries.
<horseface> i forget where i am being on about four-hundred channels.
<horseface> also-
<horseface> i've not slept since saturday
<mrig> tomathy perhaps I should give you my definition of mind first, it is that of manas in sanskri and
from the samkya philosophical foundation, not the western notion of mind.
* murii has quit (Ping timeout: 240 seconds)
<mrig> there is quite a considerable difference.
<horseface> but being a quantum physicist... it is sunday to me- all day, every day, and all that we ever
have is the moment, there exists nothing beyond this.
<horseface> thus it is 6pm.
<mrig> tomathy that of which you speak would be budhi more so than mind.
<horseface> in the moment, and it lasts for an eternity.
<horseface> anyway, toodaloo.
<horseface> i must run.
<tomathy> mrig: are you indian
<mrig> horseface go get some sleep!
* SGautam has quit (Quit: Connection closed for inactivity)
<horseface> i need to get to the store to purchase a coconut before they shut.
<horseface> :-)
<horseface> <3
MEDICATED GOO-
For the restoration of one’s soul.
Pharmaceuticals in suppressing human qualities.
Psychological exploration and its ubiquitousness throughout the kingdom of Animalia.
Etc.

BREACH THE PEACE-
Means of bringing back sane principles and reason in man.

OTHER THINGS TO WRITE ABOUT;
america reinvented terrorism and the other devices.
Carl Sagan's simulations from the '70s.
And on time…
<the_doctor> it is strange...
<the_doctor> our physical manifestations enable this phenomenon to exist...
<the_doctor> although in other realities it does not.
<the_doctor> lol




Author: Christopher Csatlos – executingreality.com (owner)
(*1)Perhaps it may in-fact be due to the likelihood of technologically advancing mindsets, so a
psychological disposition of a certain take, and also a neurological framework made more capable and
being better built to tackle such processes which are deemed valuable and meaningful and therefore
useful in the target society. It is that, we’ve very much since the barbarian tendencies which we one
held. It is that a fight usually results as a loss of control of one’s emotions. This is all that it is. When
the issue is that a fight NEVER solves a disagreement between two or more people. In-fact it is
words which have got the power and meaning to bring life, and death to the reader(s) or audience
of a spoken speech.
(*2)I know that we each have this feeling or drive which originates from our subconsciousness
reasoning layer of the brain, in-fact it as to say that we have got the most correct sense of a weighing
against any thing and determining whether it is correct to do such a thing..? Each creature throughout
the universe is capable to look within itself and bear witness to what innate conception it holds
regarding whatever the question may ask. It is also true that whatever stems from within, actually,
cannot be denied because it is just, simply, the truth. And in accordance with nature and its
principles which there’s no arguing against, because again; it is nature, and true. To all natural
beings.
(*3) <https://executingreality.com/pdfs/consciousness/SLETLO-2.1.pdf>
(*4) Write about how private-interest groups actually supply funding towards certain professions and
thereby make it possible to influence on their education and shit, man... Who knows how deep the
system goes.
(*5) When I say objective in such a context where it may easily be clearly that I mean subjective. It is
that this is coming from within, from within ourselves. Which is in complete accordance with Nature. I
mean that it is still a subjective concept, but perhaps to ourselves, within ourselves, as we are, there it
may be seen as objective.
(*6) Write about how farm animals which would be enjoyed by us at a later time would actually
consume feral hemp prior to its prohibition hence CBD standing out in curing many illness and disease.
(*7) (Write about SSRIs and whatever else, things like amineptine, etc.)
(*8) <https://executingreality.com/lobby/playground/md/ibogaine.html>
(*9) <https://www.inverse.com/article/54583-mdma-mice-critical-period-neuroplasticity>
(*10) <https://executingreality.com/pdfs/medicine/antipsychotics/ho2011.pdf>
(*11) <https://waronmedicine.solutions/>
        (This page has been left blank intentionally.)




(And to impart impart intrigue into the mind’s of the readers…

                   What else is to come ..?

                             :-)
